README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img src="./assets/bg_readme.png" alt="Poverobg icon" style="border-radius:10px">

# Poveroh

#### A Open-Source platform to track personal finance, built for clarity

<h4>
<a href="https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh/issues/">Report Bug</a>
<span> · </span>
<a href="https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh/issues/">Request Feature</a>
</h4>

<div>

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/poveroh/poveroh)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/poveroh/poveroh)

</div>

---

> “Money doesn’t buy happiness, but I’d rather cry in a Ferrari.”

</div>

<hr />

<!-- About the Project -->

## :star2: About Poveroh

<div align="center"> 
  <img src="./assets/dashboard_screenshot.jpg" alt="screenshot" />
</div>

Poveroh is an open-source, web-based platform for tracking personal finances.

### Why?

This platform was born from the desire to track personal finances in a detailed and structured way.

Ok, there are thousands of similar applications out there, but none of them truly fit certain needs. Many lack a clean and intuitive UI/UX, and the few that do are often expensive—locked behind subscriptions or premium plans. That’s why this project was started - it aims to provide a scalable, open-source alternative that is easy to use, fast, and flexible—built with simplicity and clarity in mind.

This platform is essentially a web-based version of a Google Spreadsheet finance tracker, enhanced with features to make everything more user-friendly (the mobile app is planned and is included in the roadmap :) ).

### How it works?

The platform aggregates multiple bank accounts.

Users can manually input transactions or upload them via CSV or PDF.

Since it’s designed to track personal wealth, a snapshot of the month (including investments) will be taken on the last day of each month. This allows users to keep a historical record, generate reports, and monitor the growth of their assets over time.

In addition to individual transactions and bank account aggregation, the goal is to provide a platform for tracking investments as well, allowing to add financial products such as ETFs, stocks, bonds, crypto, and more.

> **Note**: Since this platform was designed based on personal needs, it may not be fully complete or include all the features that other users might consider essential.
>
> If you notice something missing from the roadmap or have an idea you’d like to see implemented, feel free to open an issue and share your suggestion!

<!-- TechStack -->

## :space_invader: Tech Stack

- <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">Typescript</a>
- <a href="https://nextjs.org/">Next.js</a>
- <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/">TailwindCSS</a>

- <a href="https://nodejs.org/en">Node.js</a>
- <a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a>
- <a href="https://www.prisma.io/">Prisma</a>

- <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a>

<!-- Color Reference -->

## :art: Color Reference

| Color            | Hex     |
| ---------------- | ------- |
| Primary Color    | #4E594A |
| Secondary Color  | #278664 |
| Background Color | #1C1C1C |
| Text Color       | #FFFFFF |

<!-- Getting Started -->

## :toolbox: Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, please follow these simple steps.

<!-- Prerequisites -->

### :bangbang: Prerequisites

This project uses:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) (>= 18.x)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/get-docker/) - to run PostgreSQL and NGIX CDN
- NPM

<!-- Run Locally -->

## :running: Run Locally

### Get start

1. Clone the project

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh.git
    ```

2. Go to the project folder

    ```bash
    cd poveroh
    ```

3. Install dependencies

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. Copy `.env.example` file to `.env`, then edit it with the necessary values. For more details, read [docs](docs/ENV_SETUP.md).

    > If you don't modify them, the default values are sufficient to run the project.
    >
    > **Warning**: Since these are default values, security is not guaranteed.

### Setup Database and CDN

> Docker and Docker Compose must be installed, up, and running on the machine.

1. Run `setup` file

    ```bash
    npm run setup
    ```

    The command will execute the following steps:
    - Create and run database docker image.
    - Navigate to the `packages/prisma` directory.
    - Generate the Prisma client.
    - Apply any pending migrations to the database using Prisma.
    - Create and run CDN ngix docker image.

    <br>

    > **⚠️ Warning:**  
    > If you encounter any difficulties or something doesn't go as planned, read [this file](scripts/README.md) to execute it manually.

2. Create a user; open a browser to [localhost:3000/sign-up](http://localhost:3000/sign-up) and sign up.

3. _Optionally_, you can run the following exactly script to generate and fill database with fake data:

    ```bash
    npm run setup:data --user=<user_id_created_before>
    ```

    > You can find user ID on the [personal information page](http://localhost:3000/account/profile)

### Build and run

1. Build project

    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```

2. Run project

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

## :rocket: Deployment

### Docker

1. First of all, run only [Get start](#get-start) steps to download and setup.

2. Then, run:

    ```bash
    npm run docker
    ```

    > This command will download Poveroh's packages from cloud and will run them.
    >
    > If you want to build and run from scratch, run `npm run docker-dev`

### Railway

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.com/button.svg)](https://railway.com/deploy/UxenGr?referralCode=NfYCdO&utm_medium=integration&utm_source=template&utm_campaign=generic)

## :handshake: Contribuite

This repository follows the [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow) approach.

The development branch is `main`.

For more info, read the [docs](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

<!-- Roadmap -->

## :compass: Roadmap

In running order:

- [x] Login
- [x] Categories & subcategories
- [x] Bank accounts
- [x] Subscriptions
- [ ] Transaction
    - [ ] Manual insert
    - [ ] Upload from CSV or PDF
- [ ] Month's snapshot
- [ ] Reports
- [ ] Investments
- [ ] Mobile app (iOS/Android) [probably in Flutter]

To give it an extra boost:

- [ ] Live investments
- [ ] What if: Based on monthly or annual spending, determine what you could have afforded if you hadn’t spent that money. This can help evaluate whether it’s necessary to reduce spending in non-essential categories to achieve certain goals.
- [ ] Memes
- [ ] Open banking

<!-- License -->

## :warning: License

Poveroh is released under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0)](https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh/blob/main/LICENSE).

See LICENSE.txt for more information.

## :link: Useful links

- [Github Repo](https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh)
- [Figma file](https://www.figma.com/design/SZz6f8cZ1mIE5s6Z4WGshu/Poveroh)

Commit message:

chore(deploy): implement dual environment file system and automatic creation of .env files

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img src="./assets/bg_readme.png" alt="Poverobg icon" style="border-radius:10px">

# Poveroh

#### A Open-Source platform to track personal finance, built for clarity

<h4>
<a href="https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh/issues/">Report Bug</a>
<span> · </span>
<a href="https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh/issues/">Request Feature</a>
</h4>

<div>

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/poveroh/poveroh)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/poveroh/poveroh)

</div>

---

> “Money doesn’t buy happiness, but I’d rather cry in a Ferrari.”

</div>

<hr />

<!-- About the Project -->

## :star2: About Poveroh

<div align="center"> 
  <img src="./assets/dashboard_screenshot.jpg" alt="screenshot" />
</div>

Poveroh is an open-source, web-based platform for tracking personal finances.

### Why?

This platform was born from the desire to track personal finances in a detailed and structured way.

Ok, there are thousands of similar applications out there, but none of them truly fit certain needs. Many lack a clean and intuitive UI/UX, and the few that do are often expensive—locked behind subscriptions or premium plans. That’s why this project was started - it aims to provide a scalable, open-source alternative that is easy to use, fast, and flexible—built with simplicity and clarity in mind.

This platform is essentially a web-based version of a Google Spreadsheet finance tracker, enhanced with features to make everything more user-friendly (the mobile app is planned and is included in the roadmap :) ).

### How it works?

The platform aggregates multiple bank accounts.

Users can manually input transactions or upload them via CSV or PDF.

Since it’s designed to track personal wealth, a snapshot of the month (including investments) will be taken on the last day of each month. This allows users to keep a historical record, generate reports, and monitor the growth of their assets over time.

In addition to individual transactions and bank account aggregation, the goal is to provide a platform for tracking investments as well, allowing to add financial products such as ETFs, stocks, bonds, crypto, and more.

> **Note**: Since this platform was designed based on personal needs, it may not be fully complete or include all the features that other users might consider essential.
>
> If you notice something missing from the roadmap or have an idea you’d like to see implemented, feel free to open an issue and share your suggestion!

<!-- TechStack -->

## :space_invader: Tech Stack

- <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">Typescript</a>
- <a href="https://nextjs.org/">Next.js</a>
- <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/">TailwindCSS</a>

- <a href="https://nodejs.org/en">Node.js</a>
- <a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a>
- <a href="https://www.prisma.io/">Prisma</a>

- <a href="https://www.postgresql.org/">PostgreSQL</a>

<!-- Color Reference -->

## :art: Color Reference

| Color            | Hex     |
| ---------------- | ------- |
| Primary Color    | #4E594A |
| Secondary Color  | #278664 |
| Background Color | #1C1C1C |
| Text Color       | #FFFFFF |

<!-- Getting Started -->

## :toolbox: Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, please follow these simple steps.

<!-- Prerequisites -->

### :bangbang: Prerequisites

This project uses:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) (>= 18.x)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/get-docker/) - to run PostgreSQL and NGIX CDN
- NPM

<!-- Run Locally -->

## :running: Run Locally

### Get start

1. Clone the project

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh.git
    ```

2. Go to the project folder

    ```bash
    cd poveroh
    ```

3. Install dependencies

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

4. Copy `.env.example` file to `.env`, then edit it with the necessary values. For more details, read [docs](docs/ENV_SETUP.md).

    > If you don't modify them, the default values are sufficient to run the project.
    >
    > **Warning**: Since these are default values, security is not guaranteed.

    **Environment Files**: The project uses a dual environment system:
    - `.env` - For local development (DATABASE_HOST=localhost:5432)
    - `.env.production` - For Docker deployments (DATABASE_HOST=db:5432)

    Running `npm run setup` will automatically create both files from `.env.example`.

### Setup Database and CDN

> Docker and Docker Compose must be installed, up, and running on the machine.

1. Run `setup` file

    ```bash
    npm run setup
    ```

    The command will execute the following steps:
    - Create and run database docker image.
    - Navigate to the `packages/prisma` directory.
    - Generate the Prisma client.
    - Apply any pending migrations to the database using Prisma.
    - Create and run CDN ngix docker image.

    <br>

    > **⚠️ Warning:**  
    > If you encounter any difficulties or something doesn't go as planned, read [this file](scripts/README.md) to execute it manually.

2. Create a user; open a browser to [localhost:3000/sign-up](http://localhost:3000/sign-up) and sign up.

3. _Optionally_, you can run the following exactly script to generate and fill database with fake data:

    ```bash
    npm run setup:data --user=<user_id_created_before>
    ```

    > You can find user ID on the [personal information page](http://localhost:3000/account/profile)

### Build and run

1. Build project

    ```bash
    npm run build
    ```

2. Run project

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

## :rocket: Deployment

### Docker

1. First of all, run only [Get start](#get-start) steps to download and setup.

2. Then, run:

    ```bash
    npm run docker
    ```

    > This command will download Poveroh's packages from cloud and will run them.
    >
    > If you want to build and run from scratch, run `npm run docker-dev`

### Railway

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.com/button.svg)](https://railway.com/deploy/UxenGr?referralCode=NfYCdO&utm_medium=integration&utm_source=template&utm_campaign=generic)

## :handshake: Contribuite

This repository follows the [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow) approach.

The development branch is `main`.

For more info, read the [docs](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

<!-- Roadmap -->

## :compass: Roadmap

In running order:

- [x] Login
- [x] Categories & subcategories
- [x] Bank accounts
- [x] Subscriptions
- [ ] Transaction
    - [ ] Manual insert
    - [ ] Upload from CSV or PDF
- [ ] Month's snapshot
- [ ] Reports
- [ ] Investments
- [ ] Mobile app (iOS/Android) [probably in Flutter]

To give it an extra boost:

- [ ] Live investments
- [ ] What if: Based on monthly or annual spending, determine what you could have afforded if you hadn’t spent that money. This can help evaluate whether it’s necessary to reduce spending in non-essential categories to achieve certain goals.
- [ ] Memes
- [ ] Open banking

<!-- License -->

## :warning: License

Poveroh is released under the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0)](https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh/blob/main/LICENSE).

See LICENSE.txt for more information.

## :link: Useful links

- [Github Repo](https://github.com/Poveroh/poveroh)
- [Figma file](https://www.figma.com/design/SZz6f8cZ1mIE5s6Z4WGshu/Poveroh)
