docs/ENV_SETUP.md, before:

# Environment Variables

Environment variables are stored in a single file but are divided by application.

For development and local deployment, either copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` manually or run `npm run setup:env`.
This will copy the file and populate it with default values. However, for improved application security, it is recommended to replace these defaults with your own custom values.

All applications retrieve the necessary variables from this file.

There are also `.env` files inside `packages/prisma`, `apps/app`, `apps/api` and `docker` folder that directly link to `.env` file in project root. Do not touch them.

## Database

```
POSTGRES_USER=poveroh
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=poveroh
POSTGRES_DB=poveroh

# For local development, the host is 'localhost:5432'
# For local deploy (docker), the host is 'db:5432'
# For production, insert url you need
DATABASE_HOST=db:5432

#Database connection string for Prisma; don't touch this
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://${POSTGRES_USER}:${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}@${DATABASE_HOST}/${POSTGRES_DB}
```

## Api

```
#API port; default is 3001
API_PORT=3001

# JWT secret key
# If missing and you run project's setup script, it will generated by default
JWT_KEY=

#Storage

# File storage mode; must be one of the following: local | aws | gcloud | azure | digitalocean
FILE_STORAGE_MODE=local

# For local storage, type full path of folder on your computer (es. /Users/<user>/data-folder)
# If missing and you run project's setup script, it will be set default folder (./cdn-data)
CDN_LOCAL_DATA_PATH=/Users/<user>/cdn-data

AWS_BUCKET=
AWS_REGION=
AWS_CREDENTIALS_ACCESSKEYID=
AWS_CREDENTIALS_SECRETACCESSKEY=

GCS_BUCKET=
GCS_PROJECTID=

DIGITALOCEAN_BUCKET=
DIGITALOCEAN_REGION=
DIGITALOCEAN_ENDPOINT=
DIGITALOCEAN_CREDENTIALS_ACCESSKEYID=
DIGITALOCEAN_CREDENTIALS_SECRETACCESSKEY=

AZURE_CONNECTION_STRING=
AZURE_CONTAINER=
```

## App

```
#API url; default is localhost:3001 - get the port from the API_PORT variable
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:${API_PORT}
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_VERSION=1.0.0
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_NAME=Poveroh
```

## Docker

```
# Set the base name for Docker containers created by Docker Compose
COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=poveroh
```

Commit message:

feat(env): add BASE_URL configuration for production environment

docs/ENV_SETUP.md, after:

# Environment Variables

Environment variables are stored in a single file but are divided by application.

For development and local deployment, either copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` manually or run `npm run setup:env`.
This will copy the file and populate it with default values. However, for improved application security, it is recommended to replace these defaults with your own custom values.

All applications retrieve the necessary variables from this file.

There are also `.env` files inside `packages/prisma`, `apps/app`, `apps/api` and `docker` folder that directly link to `.env` file in project root. Do not touch them.

## Database

```
POSTGRES_USER=poveroh
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=poveroh
POSTGRES_DB=poveroh

# For local development, the host is 'localhost:5432'
# For local deploy (docker), the host is 'db:5432'
# For production, insert url you need
DATABASE_HOST=db:5432

#Database connection string for Prisma; don't touch this
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://${POSTGRES_USER}:${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}@${DATABASE_HOST}/${POSTGRES_DB}
```

## Api

```
#API port; default is 3001
API_PORT=3001

# JWT secret key
# If missing and you run project's setup script, it will generated by default
JWT_KEY=

#Storage

# File storage mode; must be one of the following: local | aws | gcloud | azure | digitalocean
FILE_STORAGE_MODE=local

# For local storage, type full path of folder on your computer (es. /Users/<user>/data-folder)
# If missing and you run project's setup script, it will be set default folder (./cdn-data)
CDN_LOCAL_DATA_PATH=/Users/<user>/cdn-data

AWS_BUCKET=
AWS_REGION=
AWS_CREDENTIALS_ACCESSKEYID=
AWS_CREDENTIALS_SECRETACCESSKEY=

GCS_BUCKET=
GCS_PROJECTID=

DIGITALOCEAN_BUCKET=
DIGITALOCEAN_REGION=
DIGITALOCEAN_ENDPOINT=
DIGITALOCEAN_CREDENTIALS_ACCESSKEYID=
DIGITALOCEAN_CREDENTIALS_SECRETACCESSKEY=

AZURE_CONNECTION_STRING=
AZURE_CONTAINER=
```

## App

```
#API url; default is localhost:3001 - get the port from the API_PORT variable
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL=http://localhost:${API_PORT}
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_VERSION=1.0.0
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_NAME=Poveroh

# Base URL for the application (required for production when using cross-subdomain cookies)
# For development, this can be left empty
# For production, set to your domain (e.g., https://yourdomain.com)
BASE_URL=
```

## Docker

```
# Set the base name for Docker containers created by Docker Compose
COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME=poveroh
```
